# Rack::Staging

Don't let users accidentally stumble upon your staging servers, make sure
they're password protected.

## Usage

Include the `Rack::Staging` middleware into your `config.ru` like so:

    use Rack::Staging
    run MyApp.new

By default `Rack::Staging` will assume it's in a staging environment if the
hostname for the request contains the string "staging", or if an environment
variable of "STAGING" is set.

Username and password for authentication should be set to "STAGING_USER" and
"STAGING_PASS" environment variables respectively.

Alternatively `Rack::Staging` accepts a `Proc` as a parameter which will be
evaluated to determine whether an app is in your staging environment or not.
Use this method to override the default behaviour:

    use Rack::Staging, Proc.new{|env| env["HTTP_HOST"] == "foobar.example.org" }
    run MyApp.new

## Why would I want to use this?

Because it's easy to forget to make your staging server just *slightly*
different from your production box by restricting access to it. Hopefully
remembering to include this in your `Gemfile` is easier (I'll soon make it
insert itself automatically into the middleware stack for Rails > 3.x.x apps).

## Compatibility

Only tested on Ruby 1.9.2

## Contributions

* Glenn Gillen

## Status

Production Ready

## Bugs, Feature Requests, etc.

If you think you've found a bug or have a feature you'd like to contribute
here are the ways to let me know, in order of likelihood for a speedy
resolution:

* Fork the repo, add a test, implement the feature, send me a pull request
* Fork the repo, add a failing test, send me a pull request
* Create an issue on Github.

## License

Rack Staging is released under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2011 Glenn Gillen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
ObjectBouncer

